**Terms & Conditions**

By downloading or using our services, these terms will automatically apply to you – you should make sure therefore that you read them carefully before using the services. You’re not allowed to copy, or modify, any part of the service, or our trademarks in any way. You’re not allowed to attempt to extract the source code of the service, and you also shouldn’t try to translate the service into other languages, or make derivative versions. The service itself, and all the trade marks, copyright, database rights and other intellectual property rights related to it, belong to Force Of Habit Ltd.

Force Of Habit Ltd is committed to ensuring that the service is as useful and efficient as possible. For that reason, we reserve the right to make changes to the service or to charge for its services, at any time and for any reason. We will never charge you for the service without making it very clear to you exactly what you’re paying for.

The service processes personal data that you have provided to us. It’s your responsibility to keep your phone and access to the service secure. We therefore recommend that you do not jailbreak or root your phone, which is the process of removing software restrictions and limitations imposed by the official operating system of your device. It could make your phone vulnerable to malware/viruses/malicious programs, compromise your device's security features and it could mean that the our services won’t work properly or at all.

You should be aware that there are certain things that Force Of Habit Ltd will not take responsibility for. Certain functions of the services will require your device to have an active internet connection. The connection can be Wi-Fi, or provided by your mobile network provider, but Force Of Habit Ltd cannot take responsibility for the services not working at full functionality if you don’t have access to Wi-Fi, and you don’t have any of your data allowance left.

If you’re using the services outside of an area with Wi-Fi, you should remember that your terms of the agreement with your mobile network provider will still apply. As a result, you may be charged by your mobile provider for the cost of data for the duration of the connection while accessing the services, or other third party charges. In using the services, you’re accepting responsibility for any such charges, including roaming data charges if you use the services outside of your home territory (i.e. region or country) without turning off data roaming. If you are not the bill payer for the device on which you’re using the services, please be aware that we assume that you have received permission from the bill payer for using the services.

Along the same lines, Force Of Habit Ltd cannot always take responsibility for the way you use the services i.e. You need to make sure that your device stays charged – if it runs out of battery and you can’t turn it on to avail the Service, Force Of Habit Ltd cannot accept responsibility.

With respect to Force Of Habit Ltd’s responsibility for your use of the services, when you’re using the services, it’s important to bear in mind that although we endeavour to ensure that it is updated and correct at all times, we do rely on third parties to provide information to us so that we can make it available to you. Force Of Habit Ltd accepts no liability for any loss, direct or indirect, you experience as a result of relying wholly on this functionality of the services.

At some point, we may wish to update the services. The service is currently available on many operating systems – the requirements for which (and for any additional systems we decide to extend the availability of the services to) may change, and you’ll need to download the updates if you want to keep using the services. Force Of Habit Ltd does not promise that it will always update the services so that it is relevant to you and/or works with the software version that you have installed on your device. However, you promise to always accept updates to the services when offered to you, We may also wish to stop providing the services, and may terminate use of it at any time without giving notice of termination to you. Unless we tell you otherwise, upon any termination, (a) the rights and licenses granted to you in these terms will end; (b) you must stop using the services, and (if needed) delete it from your device.

**Changes to This Terms and Conditions**

We may update our Terms and Conditions from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Terms and Conditions on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.

**Contact Us**

If you have any questions or suggestions about our Terms and Conditions, do not hesitate to contact us.

<!--
This Terms and Conditions page was generated by [App Privacy Policy Generator](https://app-privacy-policy-generator.firebaseapp.com/)
-->
